39

# Kuch bhi karega for CANDYMAN

Colour this Candyman picture and win exciting prizes!!

REGISTER, EARN POINTS
& WIN EXCITING GIFTS!

**Just three steps for winning many exciting Candyman Prizes:**

* Fill some colours in your Candyman friend's life.

* Complete the slogan 'I like Candyman because...' in not more than 10 words.

* Complete all the details about yourself and send it by December 15, 2009 to: Chandamama India Ltd, New no. 2/513 (Old no. 3/396)
Sandeep Avenue East, 2nd Main road Chinna Neelankarai, Chennai-41.

I like Candyman because

Name:

Boy

Girl

Age:

Address:

Ph. No:

School:

Class:

E-mail ID:

## TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. This contest is open to all residents of India.

2. The participants understand that sending entries implies acceptance to the terms and conditions of this contest.

3. The entries for this contest shall be sent by ordinary post to Chandamama India Ltd, New no. 2/513 (Old no. 3/396) Sandeep Avenue East, 2nd Main road Chinna Neelankarai, Chennai-41 on or before December 15, 2009.

4. Incomplete and/or illegible entries shall be disqualified.

5. This contest is not open to employees of ITC Limited and Chandamama India Ltd and their family members.

6. ITC Limited reserves the right to extend, cancel, discontinue, withdraw, change, alter or modify this contest or any of the terms thereof with or without notification and without assigning any reason.

7. The winners of this contest shall be selected by a panel of judges appointed by ITC Limited.

8. The decision of ITC Limited will be final and binding with regard to any dispute arising out of this contest and is non-contestable. No correspondence shall be entertained in this regard.

9. The prizes shall be sent to the winners at the addresses specified in the entries sent by them and ITC Limited shall not be responsible if the winners are unavailable at such addresses.

10. ITC Limited and Chandamama India Ltd shall not be liable for incorrectly addressed or undelivered entries or for disruption, delay or non-receipt of entries due to postal delays or any other reason.

11. Prizes are non-transferable, non-negotiable, subject to availability and cannot be exchanged for cash.

12. ITC Limited shall not be liable for any loss, expense or damage which may be suffered in connection with this contest or accepting or using any prize given under this contest.

13. All disputes in connection with or arising out of this contest are subject to the jurisdiction of courts located at Bangalore.