Chandamama

Because stories make the world go round...

Chandamama is monthly magazine available in English and 11 regional languages.
Junior Chandamama is for children above 4 years and is available only in English.

Avail the
loyalty bonus!

Chandamama Subscribers
will get flat 10% off on
subscription renewals!
(All Editions)

I want to subscribe to / gift / renew subscription for the following editions of Chandamama: (Tick whichever is applicable):

English

Assamese

Bengali

Kannada

Hindi

Gujarati

Malayalam

Marathi

Oriya

Sanskrit

Tamil

Telugu

Junior (Only in English)

<table><thead><tr><th>Take Your Pick!</th><th>1 Year</th><th>2 Year</th><th>3 Year</th><th>4 Year</th><th>5 Year</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>English<br>(₹ 30/- per copy)</td><td>₹ 360</td><td>₹ 645</td><td>₹ 915</td><td>₹ 1150</td><td>₹ 1350</td></tr><tr><td>You Save</td><td></td><td>₹ 75</td><td>₹ 165</td><td>₹ 290</td><td>₹ 450</td></tr><tr><td>Junior<br>(₹ 20/- per copy)</td><td>₹ 240</td><td>₹ 430</td><td>₹ 610</td><td>₹ 765</td><td>₹ 900</td></tr><tr><td>You Save</td><td></td><td>₹ 50</td><td>₹ 110</td><td>₹ 195</td><td>₹ 300</td></tr><tr><td>Regional<br>(₹ 25/- per copy)</td><td>₹ 300</td><td>₹ 540</td><td>₹ 765</td><td>₹ 960</td><td>₹ 1125</td></tr><tr><td>You Save</td><td></td><td>₹ 60</td><td>₹ 135</td><td>₹ 260</td><td>₹ 375</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Annual Subscription Overseas:** US $40 for English Chandamama, US $30 for Regional Languages, US $25 for Junior Chandamama (including shipping and handling charges) by air mail.

Name:

Address:

City:

State:

Pin:

Date of Birth:

Sex:

Telephone:

Mobile:

Email:

Subscription Number (for renewals):

Gift Subscription to the following address:

Enclosed Cheque / DD* for Rupees.

Cheque / DD No.:

favouring Chandamama India Ltd on:

bank.

*Your subscription will commence in 6 weeks.

Please mail the subscription form to: Chandamama India Ltd., P. O. Box No.: 19407, Mumbai-400093.

Email: customerhelp@chandamama.com | You can also subscribe online at: www.chandamamashop.com

**Conditions apply**