CALLING HEADS OF EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS !

Listen to Teachers and Parents

I am a teacher handling primary classes. The newly introduced Page for Parents is very different from the directions printed in other magazines. We teachers find the presentation very helpful.

- From Kunnamkulam, Kerala

As a parent and lecturer, I find your issues very informative and full of educational material for kids.

- A Teacher from Kolkata

If I am not mistaken, Junior Chandamama is the only magazine that gives us an idea of the great sacrifices made by those who fought the British.

- A parent from Kanpur

A subject like waste management has been attempted wisely and with great effect in comics form. We hope you will think of subjects like protection of environment and preservation of ecology.

- A parent from Bangalore

The Parents and Teachers corner has not come a day too soon. The new page will certainly help we mothers when we try to read out the magazine to our children.

- A parent from Dindigul

A page for Parents and Teachers is a good idea to help children enrich their memory bank. The activity work, oral and written, is appropriate for the 6-9 age group.

- A former teacher from Faridabad

Junior
CHANDAMAMA

IS NOT JUST ANOTHER MAGAZINE FOR TINY-TOTS, BUT MUCH MORE!

PAGE AFTER PAGE WILL KINDLE YOUR YOUNG ONE'S IMAGINATION

Schools and educational institutions can now pay for 20 or more annual subscriptions @ Rs. 120 and save Rs. 60 on each subscription*

* THIS OFFER CLOSES ON DECEMBER 31, 2007

Mail your order to: CHANDAMAMA INDIA LIMITED
82 Defence Officers Colony, Ekkatuthangal, Chennai 600 032.

SPECIAL OFFER
TO SCHOOLS
ON BULK
SUBSCRIPTIONS