chandamama.com is now MORE

not
announcing
ECKal-Off Fun!

Want to become a
Chandamama Author?

Come online!

Chill Out

Movies, music, books... get the latest reviews here!

Download

You like to read
ebooks? Come
to our Download
section.

Comics

Interviews and issues, with today's popular kids and adults

What's more...

Hundreds of stories for your reading pleasure

Post your thoughts in our POST section

Tiger or Tigon ?

Ranger Rani, our resident animal lover and zoologist rolled into one, brings you loads of interesting info on the animal world.

Hi kids! Here is the question:

When can a tiger look like a tiger without being a tiger?

Wait! Don't give up! Rani Ranger has the answer: when it's a tigon!

Can you guess what a tigon is? If you say a cross between a tiger and lion, you're right. A tigon is born to a lion mother and tiger father. They don't occur in nature; neither are they a new species of animal. They are artificial hybrid animals. Because of this, Tigons don't have scientific names like other animals.

Tigons are born in overcrowded zoos, amusement parks or circuses. They might have stripes, like a tiger's. Others have spots. But many have both spots and stripes!

For many years, tigons were a best-kept secret in circuses in India. In 1837, Queen Victoria came to India for an official visit. The princess of Jamnagar state presented a tigon cub to the Queen, which became her pet. A travelling circus with a litter of tigons also exhibited them to the Royal family. That was the first time western people saw tigons.

Want to know more about tigons and other animals?

Visit RANGER RANI'S ADVENTURES in our EXPLORE column!