Here's a SPECIAL offer to SCHOOLS
Take out bulk subscriptions for
JUNIOR CHANDAMAMA

Take 20 or more copies
EVERY MONTH
- For a minimum period of 6 months -

Pay only Rs 10
against cover price of Rs 12

PAYMENT IN ADVANCE FOR 6 MONTHS
(Rs 10 x 20 copies x 6 months = Rs 1,200)

A SAVING OF RS 240!

WHY YOUR SCHOOL
SHOULD GET JUNIOR CHANDAMAMA
FOR YOUR CHILDREN

Junior Chandamama is a magazine of honest and good insight. As is the case with the best of children's books, this is not only for children or about childhood. After reading Junior Chandamama, my daughter is making friendship with all children other than her classmates.

- Bharati Sinha, Bangalore

Junior Chandamama is an ideal tool while
engaging young minds in a constructive
manner. Being a teacher, I have found the
India-centric magazine quite informative.

- R.G. Kamath, Mumbai

Inspired by the letters from readers, the
Vivekananda Kendriya Vidyalaya in Roing,
Arunachal Pradesh, has taken out an
annual subscription for 50 of their
students in the primary classes.

AREN'T YOU INSPIRED?

Special offer closes by October 31, 2005

ORDER FORM

We wish to place an order for __________ copies of Junior Chandamama at the special concessional price of Rs 10 per copy for 6 months from __________ 2005.

Name of School _________________________________

Postal address _________________________________

PIN _________________________________

(Copies will be despatched postage free)

We are enclosing D/D No. __________

on __________ Bank
dated __________ for Rs __________

Correspondent School Stamp Principal