BE OUR FRIEND
& WIN LOTS OF PRIZES!

Orange Josh is a complete Clare deit & is bursting with courage & energy. He is a sportsman & loves adventure sports like mountain climbing, bungee jumping & parasailing. He is also a very big fan of WWF & WWE.

ORANGE
JOSH

Licks is a sensitive & fun loving guy. He also loves animals & our environment & likes to work towards their conservation. His favorite pastime is to go on nature treks & enjoy wildlife.

Licks

This is of course a very basic request, but we must be able to see your child in action. The naughtiest in the class Candyman gang, he loves telling jokes & asking questions. He is loved by everyone but his mom has ever met him.

PINEAPPLE
PUNCH

Wild Banana is a wild guy who loves traveling & meeting new people. From the jungles of Africa to the Thar Desert, he has gone everywhere. He always carries a back-pack that has a map, an extra pair of shoes & his favorite binoculars.

WILD
BANANA

Pretty little Mango Delight is very creative & imaginative. She loves to draw, paint & write poems. She also reviews all creative work that kids send her. Although she is a little shy, she is also very naughty. She is a favorite amongst her entire gang.

MANGO
DELITE

Just 3 simple steps for
winning many exciting
Candyman prizes:

* Answer 3 simple questions.

* Complete the slogan I will do anything for Candyman because ... in not more than 10 words.

* Complete details about yourself.

Send this before 30th July 2008 to Ramya. B, Chandamama India Ltd., 6th floor, Block A, JVL Plaza, 626, Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai - 10 OR e-mail us before 30th July 2008 at candyman@chandamama.com

Questions: 1) What does Wild Banana love to carry in his back-pack?
2) What does Mango Delight love to do?
3) Who is the naughtiest amongst the entire Candyman gang?

Answers: 1)
2)
3)

I will do anything for Candyman because

Name: ☐ Boy ☐ Girl Age: Address: Ph. No:
School: Class: E-mail ID:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 1. This contest is open to all residents of India. 2. The participants understand that sending entries implies acceptance of the terms and conditions of this contest. 3. The entries for this contest shall be sent by ordinary post to Ramya. B, Chandamama India Ltd., with Post Block A, JVL Plaza, 626, Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai - 10 on or before 30th July, 2008. 4. Incomplete and / or illegible entries shall be disqualifiers. 5. The content is not open to employees of ITC Limited and Chandamama India Ltd and their family members. 6. ITC Limited reserves the right to extend, cancel, discontinue, withdraw, alter or modify this contest or any of the terms (hereof written without notification and without assigning any reason). 7. The winners of this contest shall be selected by a panel of judges appointed by ITC Limited. 8. The decisions of ITC Limited will be final and binding with regard to any dispute arising out of this contest and is non-contestable. No correspondence shall be entertained in this regard. 9. The prizes shall be sent to the winners at the addresses specified in the entries sent by them and ITC Limited shall not be responsible if the winners are or become available at such addresses, 10. ITC Limited and Chandamama India Ltd shall not be liable for incorrectly addressed or undelivered entries or for interruption, delay or non-delivery of entries, due to postal delays or any other reason. 11. Prizes are non-transferable, non-negotiable, subject to availability and cannot be exchanged for cash. 12. ITC Limited shall not be liable for any loss, expense or damage which may be suffered in connection with this contest or accepting or using any prize given under this contest. 13. All disputes in connection with this contest shall be subject to the jurisdiction of courts located at Bangalore. 14. Each participant can send only one entry.