DIAMOND COMICS BONANZA

1st Prize

Win a trip to Disneyland

2nd Prize

1 COLOUR T. V.

3rd Prize

1 TWO-IN-ONE

Consolation Prize

100 TITAN WATCHES

Subscribe to Diamond Comics
Get attractive gifts + win a prize Too

ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION

<table><tr><td>New set of Diamond Comics for Rs. 60/- for 12 months =</td><td>Rs. 720/-</td></tr><tr><td>Your 1) Parker Pen</td><td>Rs.120/-</td></tr><tr><td>Free Gifts : 2) Popular Diamond Comics</td><td>Rs. 60/-</td></tr><tr><td>3) Popular Amar Chitra Katha</td><td>Rs. 60/-</td></tr><tr><td>4) Free Postage</td><td>Rs.180/-</td></tr><tr><td>You Get : (Comics worth Rs. 720/- + Gifts worth Rs. 420/-)</td><td>Rs. 1140/-</td></tr><tr><td>You Pay : Rs. 720/-</td><td></td></tr></table>

TWO YEARS SUBSCRIPTION

<table><tr><td>New set of Diamond Comics for Rs. 60/- for 24 months =</td><td>Rs. 1440/-</td></tr><tr><td>Your 1) Parker Pen</td><td>Rs. 120/-</td></tr><tr><td>Free Gifts : 2) Popular Diamond Comics</td><td>Rs. 200/-</td></tr><tr><td>3) Popular Amar Chitra Katha</td><td>Rs. 200/-</td></tr><tr><td>4) Free Postage</td><td>Rs. 360/-</td></tr><tr><td>You Get : (Comics worth Rs. 1440/- + Gifts worth Rs. 880/-)</td><td>Rs. 2320/-</td></tr><tr><td>You Pay : Rs. 1440/-</td><td></td></tr></table>

THREE YEARS SUBSCRIPTION

<table><tr><td>New set of Diamond Comics for Rs. 60/- for 36 months =</td><td>Rs. 2160/-</td></tr><tr><td>Your 1) Parker Pen Set</td><td>Rs. 240/-</td></tr><tr><td>Free Gifts : 2) Popular Diamond Comics</td><td>Rs. 400/-</td></tr><tr><td>3) Popular Amar Chitra Katha</td><td>Rs. 400/-</td></tr><tr><td>4) Free Postage</td><td>Rs. 540/-</td></tr><tr><td>You Get : (Comics worth Rs. 2160/- + Gifts worth Rs. 1580/-)</td><td>Rs. 3740/-</td></tr><tr><td>You Pay : Rs. 2160/-</td><td></td></tr></table>

For Free Gifts select your "Popular Diamond Comics" and "Popular Amar Chitra Katha" from the list which will be published in all Diamond Comics issues during April - June 98.

DIAMOND COMICS
RELEASED IN
APRIL 1998

Chacha Chaudary and The Hijacker

Rajan-Iqbal and The Priests

James Bond-69

Biloo Digest - 9

Mahabali Shaka and Cobral

Superman - 1

Motu-Patlu and The Foolish Muscleman

Shaktiman - 1

Superman - 2

Dynamite - The Maskman

Phantom - 79

Batman - 1

Tauji and Dhanasur

Mandrake - 66

Batman - 2

Rush! Send this subscription coupon today for your FREE Gifts

I would like to subscribe new set of Diamond Comics for (✔)

☐ 1 year (12 x Rs. 60/-) at Rs. 720/- + Free Gifts worth Rs. 420/-

☐ 2 years (24 x Rs. 60/-) at Rs. 1440/- + Free Gifts worth Rs. 880/-

☐ 3 years (36 x Rs. 60/-) at Rs. 2160/- + Free Gifts worth Rs. 1580/-

Please find (✔) enclosed cheque / DD No.

Dated __________ for Rs.720/- ☐ Rs.1440/- ☐ Ra.2160/- ☐
favouring "Diamond Comics Pvt. Ltd." payable at Delhi / Noida.
(for outstation subscription, please send a D.D. only)

Name : Mr./Ms. __________ Date of Birth __________

Address : ____________________________________________________

Phone : ____________________ Date _________________ Signature __________

Pin __________

Terms and Conditions: ● This subscription offer closes on 30th June 98. The draw of lots for 1st, 2nd, 3rd & Consolation prizes will be held after 30th June 98. For the 1st prize, is one way ticket to Disneyland. ● The decision of the judges regarding the prizes will be final and no correspondence will be entertained in this regard. ● Please allow us 3-4 weeks for your subscription to start and 6-8 weeks for despatch of your free gifts by courier/reqd. post. ● For outstation subscription, please send a D.D. only. ● All the subscriber of this scheme are eligible for the draw of prizes. Employees of Diamond Comics and their relatives are not eligible to participate in this offer. ● Winners will be notified individually ● The prizes cannot be exchanged for cash. ● Diamond Comics (P) Ltd. reserves the right to extend, cancel or discontinue this offer without giving any reason or prior notice. ● This offer is valid in India only and all disputes shall be subject only to Delhi Jurisdiction.

Please fill the coupon, the list of selected free "Popular Diamond Comics" & "Popular Amar Chitra Katha" and mail along with your remittance to Diamond Comics Pvt. Ltd., A-11, Sector-58, Noida-201301(U.P.)