Got a moment? Win a PRIZE!

Cadbury's

Gem of A Poem

Contest

**One 1st Prize:**

Gift Cheque of Rs. 1,000

**Two 2nd Prizes:**

Gift Cheques of Rs. 500 each

**Three 3rd Prizes:**

Gift Cheques of Rs. 300 each

**PLUS 200 Consolation Prizes:**

Gift Cheques of Rs. 11 each

Kids! Here's a Gem of a chance to make your writing talent blossom

See the pretty Gems flower? Use your imagination and write a short poem (of not more than 30 words) about it in English or Hindi. Remember you must use the word "Gems" in your poem, just as we have done in the verse shown below.

Send your poem, along with your name, age, address and either 2 empty pouches of the large pack or 4 empty pouches of the small pack of Cadbury's Gems, to reach: Cadbury India Ltd., P.O. Box No. 26515, Bombay 400 026 on or before 15th November, 1981.

The Contest is open to children up to 12 years of age only. You can send in as many entries as you like, but each entry must be accompanied by the correct number of Gems packs.

The above prizes will be awarded separately for English and Hindi.

Build a big castle
Up in the blue
Fill it with Gems
For me and for you.

The Rules

1. The contest is open to all Indian citizens up to 12 years of age, except the employees of Cadbury India Limited and Ogilvy Benson & Mather Ltd. and their families.

2. There is no limit to the number of entries a contestant can send in, provided each entry is accompanied by 2 pouches of the large Gems pack, or 4 pouches of the smaller Gems pack.

3. Entries must be filled in legibly and completely in English or Hindi and must comprise a poem of not more than 30 words.

4. Entries must reach on or before November 15, 1981.

5. The organisers of the contest are not responsible for entries delayed, lost or damaged in transit.

6. Entries must be sent by ordinary post and not by registered post or hand delivery.

7. All acceptable entries will become the property of the Company.

8. Prizes are subject to Indian Tax Laws, as applicable.

9. The entries will be judged by a panel of independent judges whose decision will be final and binding.

10. The winners will be individually notified and the names of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd prize-winners will be published in this journal.

All set? Now keep your fingers crossed...

Hurry! Closing Date:
15th November 1981

Cadbury's
Chocolates

Anything's possible with Cadbury's Gems!