OLYMPIC QUIZ CONTEST
AND WIN
ATTRACTIVE PRIZES!

BUMPER
PRIZE

Acer Computer

Beginning from May, your favourite monthly magazine Chandamama in English and all its language editions will carry Nutrine - Chandamama contests for 6 months. All you have to do is to choose the right answers, fill in the entry form and mail this page, along with 5 wrappers of 'Nutrine Chocolate Eclairs', before the closing date, to Nutrine Chandamama Contest, Chandamama India Limited, 82, Defence Officers's Colony, Ekkatuthangal, Chennai - 600 097.

It is an all India contest. Every month there will be different questions. There are fabulous prizes to be won. Watch out every month and participate. There will be 3 Konica cameras, 10 Calculators, and 50 Nutrine sweet hampers as first, second and third prizes respectively every month. At the end of the 5 monthly contests, the 6th contest offers a Bumper Draw and the winner will get a Personal Computer, in addition to the regular prizes. Participation in all the 6 months only will entitle the entries for the Bumper Draw. Results of the Bumper draw will be announced in December by post.

NUTRINE CHANDAMAMA OLYMPIC QUIZ CONTEST

Study the questions carefully and tick [v] the correct answer in the blanks provided for each question.

1. The Olympic Games was revived after a gap of more than 2,200 years. Where was it held?

London ☐ Paris ☐ Athens ☐

2. Which country won the most medals in the first of the Modern Olympic Games?

England ☐ Greece ☐ USA ☐

3. In which Olympic Games was the Olympic Flame reintroduced?

Amsterdam ☐ Berlin ☐ Moscow ☐

4. Which Olympic Games had the maximum number of participating nations?

Sydney ☐ Atlanta ☐ Seoul ☐

5. You will find, in the advertisement of Nutrine appearing in this issue, some children enjoying a tasty nutrine chocolate. How many times does the letter 'R' appear in that advertisement?

3 ☐ 6 ☐ 8 ☐ 9 ☐

DO YOU KNOW?

OLYMPIA, in Greece, was believed to be the abode of the Greek Gods. Sports festivals were a way of life in Greece as far back as 1370 B.C. According to Greek mythology, Kranos, a Greek God, and Zeus, the father of Greek Gods, fought on Mount Olympus for the possession of the Earth. Zeus won and threw a great sports party to celebrate his victory. This is how Olympic Games began.

**Contest Rules :**

* Employees of Nutrine, Chandamama and their relatives are not eligible for the contest.

* The selection of the Judges will be at the sole discretion of Nutrine.

* Children of Indian Origin below 15 years age group alone are eligible for the contest.

* Nutrine reserves their exclusive right to extend or preclose the contest.

* Contestants age proof to be supported by date of birth certificate.

* Winners will be selected by draw among correct entries.

* Winners will be notified individually.

* No cash compensation is allowed in place of prize articles.

* Warranty of prize articles are subject to the respective manufacturers.

* You can send only one entry per month.

* You can participate in any or all of the 5 contests.

* No correspondence other than entry forms will be accepted.

* Your signing the coupon will mean that you agree to the rules and regulations of the contest given on the coupon.

* Entries reaching us after the last date mentioned will be disqualified.

* If there are no all correct entries in any event, the maximum number of correct answers will be considered and the entries will go into the lot.

All decisions made by the judges will be final.

CLOSING DATE : 31ST MAY 2004

Your Name : ....................................................

Age : ......... Class: .................... Date of Birth : ....................

Home address and PIN code : ....................................

Your signature: ...........................................

India's largest selling sweets and toffees.