# Children's Contest

Kathmandu on any piece of paper. Or write a description of not more than 30 words on Kathmandu. (In English or Hindi) Send it along with coupon from this magazine.

Even if you don't win the contest, FARE WELL IN YOUR EXAMS AND WIN HOLIDAY TO KATHMANDU AS A PRIZE FROM YOUR PARENTS' Do come to Kathmandu for a holiday on our regular package.

If you're under 12 your stay will be free. And your parents will pay only Rs. 333 each for stay in a 3-star hotel and Rs. 222 each for stay in a 2-star hotel or they can come on our special attractive package for 5-star hotel.

## Hurry ; Closing Date
10th April '81

Send entry forms only to

### HOLIDAY NEPAL

302. HOTEL AMBASSADOR, NEW DELHI-110003.

Telephone : 690391/302, Res. 252480
Telex 3277 Cable "CONRESORT"

Entry forms also available at

HOTEL MAURYA PATNA
SOUTH GANDHI MAIDAN, PATNA-800001

Telephone : 22067 Telex 022-214 or
144, HOTEL NEW KENNILWORTH,
LITTLE RUSSLE STREET, CALCUTTA - 700071

Telephone : 431730/442647 Telex : 021-3395 or Travel Agent

## Rules

1. The contest is open to all children residing in India, between 8 and 15 years, except those belonging to the families of Holiday Nepal staff and Impressions Advtg. & Mktg. staff.
2. A contestant can send in any number of entries, but each entry must be accompanied by an Entry Coupon.
3. All entries become the property of the Company.
4. The Company is not responsible for entries lost, delayed or damaged in transit.
5. The Company reserves the right to extend the closing date of the contest.
6. The decision of the judges will be final and binding.
7. Winners will be informed through press announcements and by letters sent under certificate of posting.

Name : ____________________ Age : ____

Address : ____________________

Name of this Magazine, ____________________

Cut along the dotted line

Impressions/H.N. 365

# Holiday Nepal

Recognised by

Indian Airlines & Royal Nepal Airlines