## Touch Orissa to feel India

Feel the pulse of Orissa... and you will hear the throb of India. In diversity lies the unity of the age-old traditions.

The "Rath Yatra" of Lord Jagannath transcending the boundaries of the nation is now a universal sensation. The teeming millions, with hearts full of devotion, the throbbing drums, the frenzied cymbals, the roar of the crowds, the chanting of the priests... that is India for you, and of course, her immortal tradition. Orissa has the pride of preserving and protecting its simple and arcadian past by cradling under her wings 62 distinct tribal groups... complete, with their indigenous customs, rhythms of dance, beliefs and traditional festivals. Orissa's ancient art and craft have its strong tribal traditions kept ablaze in the new Millennium. Applique in Orissa is an old temple-art that brings about a marriage of technicolours on cloth. Cross-cultural influences are seen in the silver and breath-taking renditions of silver-craft which leave the viewers breathless.

Stroll into Orissa and walk hand in hand with the tradition of India.

## Tradition

Explore
ORISSA
The soul of India

For information contact: Director, Tourism Cell, Kalaivanar Bhawan; Bhubaneswar-751014
Orissa, India, Tel: (0674) 2432177, Fax: (0674) 2432178, e-mail: info@tour@sancalp.in
website: www.orissa-tourism.com, Tourist Offices at: Chennai: Tamilnadu Tourism Complex
Ground Floor, Near Kalaivanar Arangam, Wallajah Road, Chennai-600002
Ph: (044) 25360891, Kolkata: Utkal Bhawan 55, Lenin Sarani
Pin-700013, Tel: (033) 22443653, New Delhi: Utkalika, B/4 Baba Kharak Singh Marg
Pin - 110001, Telefax (011) 23364580