Face to Face
with Nature

CHILIKA - the hopping, Singing and flying nursery for children. This lazy and dreamy Chilika lake dwells in the East Coast of Orissa. When in Chilika, you are in nature's classroom, being taught the alphabets of nature. "This is a dolphin" and "That is a heron" - a live picture book for kids. Parents take note: Open the eyes of your children to this special page of ever-gathering beauty. Chilika is the wintering ground for migratory birds. Colours and varied shapes shall tickle the imagination of young minds. In boats one can go exploring little fairylands - the exciting islands. Water sports adds to the existing excitement for kids and men with young hearts. In the middle of this clear, dark blue lake stands the famous 'Kalijai temple'. The story of Kalijai will chase tender hearts like a dream. Capture the talkative beauty and bounty of the gorgeous Chilka in your dead film reels and immotalise the moments of fleeting beauty in the hearts of your young ones.

For more information contact: Director, Tourism; Paryatan Bhavan Bhubaneswar-
751014, Orissa, India, Tel: (0674) 2432177, Fax: (0674) 2430887
e.mail: ortour@sanchamet.in, website: www.orissa-tourism.com
Tourist Offices at: Chennai: Tamilnadu Tourism Complex, Ground Floor
Near Kalaivanar Aranam, Wallajah Road, Chennai - 600002
Ph: (044) 25360891, Kolkata: Utkal Bhawan 55
Lenin Sarani, Pin-700013, Tel: (033) 22443653
New Delhi: Utkalika, B4
Baba Kharak Singh Marg, Pin - 110001
Telefax: (011) 23364580

Orissa
The Soul of India