## Touch Orissa to feel India...

Flowing through the arteries of Orissa, is the living and continuing culture of India... its varied expressions and its rich variety. The very stones speak of the unique history of the nation. The temple-culture condenses the quintessence of India. Whether it is the sacred environs of Lord Jagannath temple, or the eroticism of Konark's Sun temple, the wondrous caves of Jainism or the mystical monasteries of Buddhism, the paintings of folklore or the weaver's magic... Orissa speaks eloquently of a living past and continuing present. The rhythmic and exotic classical 'Odissi dance' evolved from the cult of the 'devadasis' or female temple dancers reverberates not only within the portals of the nation, but also echoes on foreign shores too. Folk dances like the 'Chhow' or the 'Sambalpuri' dance and tribal dances like the 'Ghumura' & 'Paraja' can set any soul ablaze. Indigenous theatre in the form of 'Prahalad-Nataka' or the 'Dhanuyatra' are expressions of the 'Indianness of India'. Fairs like the 'Bali Jatra' remind us of our ancient maritime links with Bali. And to crown it all is our universally-acclaimed 'Rathyatra' of Lord Jagannath which has infected the world. So... sure and true flows the Orissan culture reflecting the Indian Culture.

Visit Orissa - Experience India.

## Culture

Orissa
The Soul of India

For more information contact: Director, Tourism; Paryatan Bhavan; Bhubaneswar-751014, Orissa, India
Tel: (0674) 2432177, Fax: (0674) 2430887, e.mail: ortour@sancharnet.in, website: www.orissa-tourism.com
Tourist Offices at: **Chennai:** Tamilnadu Tourism Complex, Ground Floor, Near Kalaivanar Arangam
Wallajah Road, Chennai - 600002, Ph: (044) 25360891, **Kolkata:** Utkal Bhawan 55, Lenin Sarani, Pin-700013
Tel: (033) 22443653, **New Delhi:** Utkalika, B/4 Baba Kharak Singh Marg, Pin - 110001, Telefax (011) 23364580