CROSSWORD

CreaBiscuits

CLUES

ACROSS

1. Michael Jordan's game

2. Cat's love it

8. Also called soccer

9. Andre Agassi's first love

10. Mahabaleshwar's fruit

DOWN

1. This ice cream flavour melts in your mouth

2. Have biscuits with this

3. It takes two hands to ______ the cream

4. Chocolate with sugar crumbs

5. Good on the road, great on ice

6. Aamir Khan won this race

10. Munch

Hint: All that's to do with Fun Center

Enhance your vocab

Words that should appear in the
dictionary but don't

Aeroma: The odour emanating from an exercise room after an aerobics workout.

FunCenter: Anything yummy that gets even better when you reach the middle.

Choctology: The joy of discovering a second layer of chocolate underneath the first.

Keyfruit: The one apple, pear or orange in the stand that, when removed, causes all others to tumble forward.

Phonesia: The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.

P-Spot: The area directly above the urinal in public washrooms that men stare at knowing a glance in any other direction would arouse suspicion.

Bourbon

Butterscotch

Milk

Strawberry

Interesting Facts

The world's highest cricket ground is in Chail, Himachal Pradesh.

The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.

Tennis was played at the Olympics until 1924, then reinstituted in 1988.

Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.

*MRP inclusive of all taxes for net weight 100g