CHANDAMAMA (Telugu)

Regd. with Registrar of Newspaper for India No. 1114/57

Regd. No. TN/CC(S)Dn/159/06-08

Licensed to post WPP - Inland No. TN/CC(S)Dn/84/06-08, Foreign No. 85/06-08

FEBRUARY 2006

WISH YOU A MAHA HAPPY NEW YEAR!

MAHALACTO
WORD POWER CONTEST

Make as many meaningful words as you can
by using the letters from the following
sentence given within brackets.

(Maha Rich Maha Fun Maha Yummy
Nutrine MAHALACTO)

Steps to be followed
to win the prizes

1. Make as many meaningful words as you can by using the letters from the above sentence given within brackets.

2. Write down all the words in a piece of paper (list of words).

3. Fill the details in the enclosed coupon.

4. Collect 10 empty MAHALACTO wrappers.

5. Attach all of them together (list of words + coupon + 10 empty MAHALACTO wrappers)

6. Send all of them to the following address:

Post Box No. 1056,
Kilpauk, Chennai - 600 010.

Closing Date :
March 10, 2006.

First Prize - 25 Nos.
Konica Camera

Second Prize - 200 Nos
Wrist-watches

Third Prize - 750 Nos.
5-in-1 Games Set

COUPON

Name :

Age : Date of birth : Class : School :

Home address :

PIN Code :

No. of words...(list attached)

Signature of Participant

Terms and conditions: ● The Contest is open to Indian children below 15 years. They should not be related to any employee of Chandamama India Ltd. or Nutrine Confectionery. ● A participant may send any number of entries. ● Each entry has to be accompanied by 10 wrappers of MAHALACTO and the coupon above duly filled up. ● Entries without wrappers and coupon will not be considered. ● Whoever sends the most number of words will be qualified for one of the prizes. ● In case of identical number of maximum meaningful words, winners will be chosen by lucky draw. ● The first lucky draw will be held in the month of February and the final draw will take place in the month of March. ● Closing Date : March 10, 2006. ● Send the entries, coupon and MAHA LACTO wrappers in an envelope superscribed MAHALACTO WORD POWER Contest to Post Box No. 1056, Kilpauk, Chennai - 600 010. ● Nutrine Confectionery Company Private Limited will not be responsible for any contestant's mail if it is lost in transit. ● Guarantee on prize articles lies entirely with the manufacturer and not with Nutrine Confectionery Private Limited. All entries and contest material will become the property of Nutrine Confectionery. ● Cash in lieu of prizes will not be given. ● Winners should fill in a claim form while collecting the prizes at the respective dealer / distributor point. ● All decisions regarding the offer are solely at the discretion of Nutrine Confectionery. No communication with regard to the contest will be entertained. ● All disputes shall be subject to Chittoor A.P. jurisdiction only. ● Nutrine Malahacto is also available without this offer.