We had, on behalf of our readers who expressed anxiety, written to the Prime Minister, Shri Vajpayee, wishing him speedy recovery from his recent surgery. His response printed on this page is full of appreciation of and encouragement to the task undertaken by *Chandamama* to provide insights into India's heritage. As we express our gratitude to him, and share the message with our readers, we rededicate ourselves to the objectives of the founders to promote national integration through this multi-lingual magazine.
-Editor

प्रधान मंत्री
Prime Minister

New Delhi

June 23, 2001

Dear Shri Reddi,

Thank you for your kind letter dated June 16, 2001 conveying the good wishes of the readers of *Chandamama* for my speedy recovery after the recent knee surgery. I appreciate their warm and affectionate sentiments and reciprocate the same.

I am delighted to know that *Chandamama*, which has mesmerized millions of students with stories drawn from India's rich cultural heritage has successfully re-launched itself in twelve language editions. What has especially gladdened me is that you have also started to publish a Sanskrit edition of the magazine to popularize this ancient but ever-living language, which is the basic source of our culture and philosophical heritage.

I admire your courage and commitment since this must be a difficult task for you. However, knowing that you have the benefit of the collaboration of Sanskrit Bharati in New Delhi, which has been doing commendable work in taking Sanskrit to the masses, I am sure your effort will bear fruits.

The task of providing greater patronage and promotion to Sanskrit has to be shared by the Government as well as non-governmental agencies, especially, the mass media. *Chandamama's* bold effort, therefore, deserves our highest appreciation.

With best wishes,