CHANDAMAMA (Telugu)
Regd. No. ENPMG(CCR) - 590003 - 05
Regd. with Registrar of Newspaper for India No. 1114457
Licensed to post without prepayment No. 373003-05

Foreign - WPP. No. 374003-05

# Beta Mahalacto Khao OFFER

## MAHALACTO

మహాలాక్ట్ ర్యాపర్ల లోపల ముద్రించిన MAHALACTO

అక్షరాలు అన్ని సేకరించండి. ఆకర్షణీయమైన బహుమతులు గలవండి!

### MAHALACTO పదంలో 'A' అక్షరాలు ఎన్ని

వున్నాయి 2 4 3 (సరైన సమాధానం టిక్ చెయ్యండి)

పెరు:

D.O.B: డోర్ నం

పీఠి:

పెట్టడం/గ్రామం:

జిల్లా:

రాష్ట్రం:

ఫెన్ కోడ్:

ఫోన్:

పోస్ట్ చెయ్యవలసిన చిరునామా :

పోస్ట్ బాక్స్ నం: 1056, కీల్-పాక్, చిన్నై - 600 010.

For more details log on to www.nutrinesweets.com

### Bumper Prize - 5 Nos.

3 days/2 nights trip - stay, sight seeing for winners with their parents - to Singapore

### First Prize - 300 Nos.

Nokia 1100 Mobile Phone

### Second Prize - 5,000 Nos.

Trendy Wrist-watch

### Third Prize - 10,000 Nos.

5-in-1 Games Set

**Terms and conditions:** The offer is valid for all Indian residents. The offer is not open to employees of Nutrine Confectionery Company Pvt. Ltd. and Rediffusion OYR Pvt. Ltd. The stipulated number of original Mahalacto wrappers should be sent by ordinary post with name, age, date of birth & residential address along with PIN code & telephone number of the applicant. Finding the number of 'A's in the word 'Mahalacto' and collecting the wrapper with the complete letters to form 'MAHALACTO' are mandatory to participate in this offer. Offer valid from July 15 to September 5, 2005. The winners will be estimated by post, every 10 days from the start of the offer period. For the bumper prize winners and their parents, owning an Indian passport is mandatory. The bumper prizes cannot be transferred, and only the winners' parents are entitled to travel as escorts. The travel dates, activities, pick up & drip, stay & sightseeing at Singapore shall be organised by Nutrine and the stipulated date will be applicable to all the 5 winners & their parents. The decision of mode of transport & hotel stay for 3 days & 2 nights will solely be at the discretion of Nutrine Confectionery. Bumper prize winners and their parents, travelling to Singapore, would be travelling at their own risk and Nutrine Confectionery would not be responsible for safety of the passengers or their luggage. The prizes are on all India basis. Nutrine Confectionery will not be responsible for any contestant's mail if it's lost in transit. Guarantee on gift articles lies entirely with the manufacturer of the gift articles and not with Nutrine Confectionery Private Limited. All entries and contest material will become the property of Nutrine Confectionery Company Private Limited. Cash in lieu of prizes will not be given. Winners should fill in a claim form while collecting the prizes at the respective dealer/distributor point. All decisions regarding the offer are solely at the discretion of Nutrine Confectionery Company Private Limited. No communication with regard to the contest will be entertained. All disputes shall be subject to Chittoor, A.P. jurisdiction only. Nutrine Mahalacto is also available without this offer.