From the house of Chandamama

THE
HERITAGE

A monthly magazine in English for the grown-ups.

THE HERITAGE marks the birth of a new genre. A magazine worth preserving. Issue after issue. THE HERITAGE will bring you the best of Indian fiction. It will give you lofty glimpses of the nation's vast and varied heritage—through interpretation of its traditions, legends and aspects of its culture. THE HERITAGE will be a bold alternative to many publications. It derives its strength from its faith in the ultimate triumph of the spirit of man—and in the lofty destiny of India.

THE HERITAGE It has so much in store for you.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR CHANDAMAMA READERS. The annual subscription for THE HERITAGE is Rs. 72.00. To Chandamama readers we have a special offer—Rs. 60.00 only.

Rush this form duly filled in with draft/money order before December 31 to:

DOLTON AGENCIES
Chandamama Buildings, Madras-600 026.

THE HERITAGE
Subscription Order Form

(Pre-launch Concession Offer only for readers of Chandamama)

Please enroll me as a Subscriber for a period of one year to THE HERITAGE, the English monthly, from the Inaugural Issue dated January 1985. I am enclosing Bank Draft No. .................... dt. .................... on. .................... Bank/Money Order Receipt No. .................... dt. .................... for Rs.60/- being the subscription payable under this concessional offer. Please mail the copies to:

Name ........................................................

Address ........................................................

