# Sound Prizes From H.M.K.

## 1 Prize

* HMV Stereocorder

## 2 Prize

* HMV Stereo 1515

## 3 Prize

* HMV Stereo 1010

## 100 Consolation Prizes

* HMV Orbit 404

First, second and third prizes may be exchanged for other HMV products of equivalent cost.

**Every Entrant Wins!**

A fabulous discount coupon on HMV players (Fiesta, Popstar and Swinger) for all entries received before 30th May, 1982.

**RULES**

1. The contest is open to school children only (up to Class XII). This will be verified for all award winners. Contestants should be residents of the Indian Union.
2. You may send in as many entries as you wish but each entry must be accompanied by 1 inner aluminium foil from a 40gm Cherry Blossom tin or 2 foils from 15gm tins of Cherry Blossom.
3. Entries should be addressed to the Advertiser, Cherry Blossom Whiz Quiz, P.O. Box No. 9192, Park Street, Calcutta 700 016. Registered mail will not be accepted.
4. Last date of receipt of entries is 15-6-1982. Illegible, incomplete and late entries will be disqualified.
5. The decision of the judges will be final and binding. No correspondence will be entertained. In the event of a tie, the value of the prizes will be equally divided among the winners.
6. Children of the employees of Reckitt & Colman of India Ltd. and Lintas. India are not eligible to join the contest.

## ENTRY FORM

1. Who sang the song "Mera Joota hai Japani"?
   ☐ Lata ☐ Mukesh ☐ Kishore

2. Behind a rider's shoe is a piece of metal which is used for prodding the horse. What is it called?
   ☐ Spear ☐ Spur ☐ Goad

3. A fairy tale character lost her glass slipper. Who was she?
   ☐ Snow White ☐ Cinderella ☐ Red Riding Hood

4. What is the first name of the Indian Film heroine whose last name is also a style of footwear?
   ☐ Rekha ☐ Padmini ☐ Poonam

5. Listed below are 9 qualities of Cherry Blossom. Select the 7 you feel are most important and rank them from 1 to 7 in what you feel is their order of importance by putting the rank in the box provided.
   ☐ Has an International formula ☐ Contains imported waxes
   ☐ Nourishes leather ☐ Gives a mirror shine
   ☐ Gives a longer lasting shine ☐ Makes shoes last longer
   ☐ Is economical ☐ Keeps leather soft
   ☐ Is easy to use

Please complete the following sentence in not more than 10 words (English or Hindi)
I Cherry Blossom my shoes every day because
मैं अपने जुटे रोज़ घरी न्यॉसम से चमकता है क्योंकि

Name:
Address:

Entries should reach us at the following address on or before 15.6.82: The Advertiser, Cherry Blossom Whiz Quiz, P.O. Box No: 9192, Park Street, Calcutta - 700 016.

## Did you Cherry Blossom your shoes today ?