PAINT YOUR
OWN
DREAMS!

AND WIN A FREE TRIP TO THE USSR!

A special contest for JUNIOR QUEST subscribers!

Hi kids! What's your DREAM WORLD like? Is it a world where stormy seas turn into milk and honey? And dark clouds become beautiful butterflies?

Well, here's your chance to say why friends, animals, flowers, laughter and other beautiful things make this world a great place to live in!

Just make a colourful picture of your own DREAM WORLD. Use paints, colour pencils, crayons or felt pens. (Maximum paper size 20 cm.x 45 cm.) On another paper complete the following: "The world would be a better place if ............". (Less than 50 words, in English only).

Remember, even the most impossible dream could be a winner. And some day, perhaps, it could even come true!

**Last date - September 30, 1991**

Mail your entries to:
DREAM WORLD CONTEST
C/O Junior Quest, Chandamama Building,
Vadapalani, Madras 600 026.

**DREAM WORLD PRIZES**

* One free trip to the USSR and back

* 50 Gift cheques of Rs 100 each

* Extra-special JQ T-shirts

RULES • Contest open to all current Junior Quest subscribers, and to all those who subscribe before September 30, 1991. • All entries must be accompanied by the special Dream World Contest coupon, available in the July, August and September 1991 issues of Junior Quest. Along with your current subscription number or a subscription coupon. • In case of a tie, a lucky draw decides who wins the free trip to the USSR. • The decision of the Judges will be final and binding. • We will not be responsible for entries lost or damaged. Incomplete entries will be disqualified. • Entries become the property of the Chandamama Vijaya Combines Publications Division, with the right to publish any of the winning entries. • The results will be published in a future issue of Junior Quest. • The winner is responsible for all passport and Reserve Bank formalities.

HTA 7932