WIN 777 fantastic
prizes in the
exciting
Holiday Nepal Children's
Contest

Fabulous Bumper
Prize with Special
Rotating Trophy.

The lucky child who wins this magnificent
trophy will be honoured at a special glittering
function attended by several V.I.P's in New
Delhi. The child will win the coveted title of
STAR OF HOLIDAY NEPAL. Besides, there
will be Free Air Fare for child and both
parents, Ex-Delhi. Also, free Accomodation at
the most luxurious Hotel Suite in Kathmandu
for 4 days and 3 nights...with free meals, free
transfers, free sightseeings. And Rs. 300
worth Free Play Coupons Courtesy Casino
Nepal for each parent.

5 Grand First Prizes

Free Air Fare for the child ex-Delhi, ex-Calcutta, ex-Patna. Free accomodation for the child and both parents on the 5-star package.

5 Exciting Second Prizes

Free Air Fare for the child ex-Delhi, ex-Calcutta, ex-Patna. Free accomodation for the child and both parents on the 3-star package.

10 Third Prizes

Free Air Fare for child ex-Delhi, ex-Calcutta, ex-Patna. Free Accomodation for child and both parents on the 2-star package.

251
Consolation Prizes

1 years' Free Subscription of Target or
Indrajal comics or Chandamama or Paraag
of Nandan (choice of winner)

505
Bonus Prizes

Attractive, colourful T-shirts.

The Contest is so easy.
And, such fun too.

All you have to do is paint a picture about
Kathmandu on any piece of paper. Or
write a description of not more than 30
words on Kathmandu (In English or Hindi).
Send it along with the coupon from this
magazine.

The contest is open to all children
residing in India between 8 and 15 years.

Hurry : Closing Date
10th April '81

Recognised
by

Send entry forms only to
**HOLIDAY NEPAL**

302, HOTEL AMBASSADOR,
NEW DELHI-110003.

Telephone : 690391/302,
Telex 3277 Cable "CONRESORT"

Entry forms also available at :-

HOTEL MAURYA PATNA
SOUTH GANDHI MAIDAN,
PATNA-800001 Telephone : 22067
or
144, HOTEL NEW KENNILWORTH,
LITTLE RUSSLE STREET,
CALCUTTA-700071
Telephone : 431730/442647
or Travel Agent

Cut along the dotted line

Name : ------------------ Age : ------
Address : ------------------------
----------------------------------------
Name of this Magazine