# “CRIPPLE”

## The word can maim a child for life.

Imagine not being able to race your best friend. Imagine not having a best friend. Imagine being struck by Poliomyelitis before you even know the word. Or what it means. And be called a “cripple” for life.

Every year, Poliomyelitis or Polio strikes 275,000 children in India. In rural India, 1 in every 150—200 surviving newborn is in danger of developing polio unless urgent preventive measures are taken. And, while you read this, there are 1.6 million polio-stricken children in the country, most of them handicapped for life. If only they had been immunized... in time.

**PolioPlus**
The Rotarian Relief Programme

Rotary International has embarked on a world-wide immunization programme called PolioPlus. Through this programme, Rotary will provide all polio vaccines necessary for upto 5 consecutive years, for children in countries around the world.

Plus immunization against common childhood diseases like measles, diphtheria, tuberculosis, tetanus and whooping cough—diseases which take 3.5 million young lives in the developing world, every year.

Cut and mail to:
Chairman
POLIOPLUS CAMPAIGN TRUST
128, Golf Links
New Delhi-110 003.

Here's what You Can Do

YES, WE WISH TO SUPPORT THE POLIOPLUS CAMPAIGN TRUST

We enclose our Cheque/Draft of Rs.

Name

Designation

Company Address

Phone No.

Cheques/Drafts should be drawn in favour of POLIOPLUS CAMPAIGN TRUST payable in Bombay. Contributions are exempted from income tax under section 80 (G) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

CMP

PolioPlus

A Rotary International Company
TO IMMARILIZE THE CHILDREN OF THE WORLD

"YOU HAVE NOT DONE ENOUGH AS LONG AS YOU ARE CAPABLE OF DOING MORE." ACT NOW.