Double the mazaa with Choco Double.

Spot the doubles in this picture.

1

REGISTER, EARN POINTS & WIN EXITING GIFTS!

Just three steps for winning many exciting Candyman Prizes:

* Answer the question.

* Complete the slogan I like Candyman because... in not more than 10 words.

* Complete all the details about yourself and send it by August 30, 2008.

Ramya&B, Chandamama India Ltd., 6th floor, Block A, JVL Plaza, 626, Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai - 16

OR, e-mail us before 30th August 2008 at candyman@chandamama.com

How many doubles (pairs) do you see in this picture (not including the characters)

I like Candyman because

Name: [Boy] [Girl] Age: Address: Ph. No.:

School: Class: E-mail ID:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. This contest is open to all residents of India.

2. The participants understand that sending entries implies acceptance to the terms and conditions of this contest.

3. The entries for this contest shall be sent by mail to Ramya&B, Chandamama India Ltd., with floor, block A, JVL, Phase 6, Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai-16 or before August 30, 2008.

4. Incomplete entries or ineligible entries shall be disqualified.

5. This contest is not open to employees of ITC Limited and Chandamama India Ltd. and their family members.

6. ITC Limited reserves the right to extend, cancel, discontinue, withdraw, change, or cancel this contest at any time without notice and without bearing any reason.

7. The winners of this contest shall be selected by a panel of judges appointed by ITC Limited.

8. The decision of ITC Limited will be final and binding with regard to any dispute arising out of this contest and is final and binding. No correspondence shall be accepted in this regard.

9. The prize shall be sent to the winner at the address specified in the winner's list by them and ITC Limited shall not be responsible if the winners are unable to receive it at the address specified.

10. ITC Limited and Chandamama India Ltd. shall not be liable for any loss or damage howsoever arising out of this contest or the use made of it by the winner(s) or any other person.

11. Prizes are non-transferable, non-negotiable, subject to availability and are subject to change without notice.

12. ITC Limited shall not be liable for any loss or damage howsoever arising out of this contest or the use made of it by the winner(s) or any other person.

CANDYMAN

DRAFTFCB - ULKA 8505952